---
title: Getting started
description: ''
---

## Installation

Add `nuxt-storyblok` to your project's dev dependencies:

::code-group

```bash [yarn]
yarn add --dev nuxt-storyblok
```

```bash [npm]
npm install nuxt-storyblok -D
```

```bash [pnpm]
pnpm install nuxt-storyblok -D
```

::

Then add the module to your Nuxt configuration:

```js{}[nuxt.config]
import { defineNuxtConfig } from 'nuxt'

export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: ['nuxt-storyblok']
})
```

You're good to go!

## Options

This module offers several options that make working with Storyblok much easier.
Most of the functions are optional, but to access the Storyblok API, at least the Access Token must be added:

```js
import { defineNuxtConfig } from 'nuxt'

export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: ['nuxt-storyblok'],
  storyblok: {
    accessToken: 'your-access-token'
    editor: {
      path: '/editor',
      previewUrl: 'https://example.com'
      previewToken: 'your-preview-token'
    }
  },
})
```
You can find more information on how to get an Storyblok Access Token in the [Getting Started](https://www.storyblok.com/docs/guide/getting-started) section on the Storyblok website.

### Available options

- **accessToken**

  Mandatory: `<public access token>`
  Your Storyblok Access Token for your website. Should be a public accessToken, that gives access to the published version.

- **version**

  Default: `<automatically set>`
  Forces a specific version of the Storyblok API to be used. Normally, the version is determined if you are in editor and preview mode (draft) or not (published).

#### `editor`

- **path**
  Default: `/editor`
  The path where you can access the Storyblok Editor v2

- **previewUrl**
  Example: `<e.g. https://example.com>`
  Must be set if the editor is called with a URL other than localhost, for example in production mode.
  

- **previewToken**
  Default: `<preview access token>`
  A preview token can be optionally specified. This is used automatically when the page is called in the editor or with a preview URL.


#### `bridge`
  
- **enabled**
  
  Default: `<automatically set>`
  This configuration is optional, as the bridge is automatically enabled in development mode and automatically disabled in production mode. If set to true, bridge mode will be forced (not recommended).