---
title: Storyblok Composables
description: 'Learn how to use auto-imported composables inside your vue files.'
---

Checkout the Nuxt3 documentation for [auto-imported composables](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/docs/directory-structure/composables) to learn more.

## `useStoryblok`

This composable is using [@storyblok/js](https://github.com/storyblok/storyblok-js) under the hood, it gives acces to the [Storyblok client](https://www.storyblok.com/docs/guide/essentials/accessing-data)  and handles a lot of features under the hood.

> The client is initialized with the `storyblok.accessToken` or `storyblok.editor.previewToken` you must have in your `nuxt.config.ts` file. It provides access to your stories via Storyblok API.

```vue [pages/index.vue]
<script setup>
    const { getStory } = useStoryblok('custom_key', options)

    const { data } = await getStory('home')
</script>
```

### Using with a custom key

`useStoryblok` can be called with a key you can define by yourself. All requests made via this function are stored in a global store, which in the case of SSR or SSG is also hydrated in the client. Using this key it is also possible to access the same data in other components without making a new api request.

For example, if the data of a story is needed in both `pages/index.vue` and `components/headerbar.vue`, then you can easily access the data using the key without making a new API request.

```vue [components/headerbar.vue]
<script setup>
    const { data } = useStoryblok('custom_key', options)
</script>
```

### Options

- **server**
whether to fetch the data on the server (defaults to true)
- **watch**
watch reactive sources to auto-refresh
- **initialCache**
When set to false, will skip payload cache for initial fetch. (defaults to true)
- **lazy**
whether to resolve the async function after loading the route, instead of blocking navigation (defaults to false)

### Result

- **data**
the result of the asynchronous function that is passed in
- **pending**
a boolean indicating whether the data is still being fetched
- **refresh**
a function that can be used to refresh the data
- **error**
an error object if the data fetching failed
- **getStory**
a function to get a story via Storyblok client
- **getStories**
a function to query stories via Storyblok client

## getStory

